Adding CM4 Wifi dongle drivers docs (#465)
luxonis/depthai-hardware: docs/source/pages/DM1097.rst

.. include:: /pages/includes/rvc2_operating_temp.rst

Limitations
***********

> If the OAK-D-CM4 device does not come with a built-in WiFi module, a Tenda Wifi dongle can be used as an alternative. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the OAK-D-CM4 device does not come with a built-in WiFi module, a Tenda Wi-Fi dongle is included in the box of the device as a workaround.
```
Also remove the `..note::`
